lively
Are you kidding me?
Crazy boss, my master, he really didn't lie to you.
Sometimes it really disappears
Let's see the payoff now
Hurry up hurry up
Ah!
What the hell is this?
Oops, that girl went to bed last night
The live broadcast summoned three resentful spirits.
The devil is a
Is the pen one?
The third one is in the mirror
Master Yuntian will be fine, right?
OK
Unable to connect
This little ancestor, you dare not have anything wrong?
Hey big brother
Look at this fine line
There was a Duoqing case in Fengmen Village last night
Fengmen Village has a left-behind population of 108
All died mysteriously overnight
Forensic results show that
The cause of death of the deceased is surprisingly consistent
All died of asphyxiation
The village was poisoned
How is that possible?
overnight
Fengmen Village by Tu Village
It is the so-called evil crime of non-humans
evil sin
The pen tip that committed the crime